gh-config: add set pager example (#5448)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/gh-config.md

`gh config set git_protocol {{ssh}}`

> - Set `delta` showing the differences side by side as pager for all `gh` commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `delta` in side-by-side mode as the default pager for all `gh` commands:
```

> `gh config set pager 'delta --side-by-side'`

Reviewer: Don't you think we should tokenize this?
```suggestion
`gh config set pager '{{delta --side-by-side}}'`
```
